with leopards the female when she
becomes ready to mate
all of a sudden poses a threat to the
mother
she almost takes the place of math which
obviously wouldn't really be tolerated
[Music]
when she picks up her daughter's scent
the mother seems displeased it is as if
just smelling a female from another
territory rather than her daughter
[Music]
I knew that from that point the dynamic
between those two is going to change
[Music]
when they're first make contact the
mother just lay down and let the Cubs
approach her the male sort of came up to
a brush past and moved off
[Music]
as the female started to approach the
mother really started to snow
[Music]
every time the young female came close
to her she was very hostile to water and
the daughter was you know obviously not
understanding what is going on
persisting and trying to make contact
that familiarity that she's so used to
[Music]
she eventually got two plus and it ended
up in in quite a serious fight
[Music]
you can imagine the surprise on the
daughter's face it's just not something
that she would ever expect from her
mother the message is unmistakable
the daughter is no longer one of the
family
you